You mentioned a little bit about this already, but if you could summarize it for me, your
future plans for writing, what you might have planned for the future for any science fiction,
or anything?
Well, my future plans boil down to kind of a step at a time, right?
I find it hard to spend the emotional energy it takes to write while I'm involved with
the chairmanship of the department of anthropology, and I have to in effect serve out my term,
and that's sort of the way I think of it.
As chairman, before I can get back to my writing, and I don't know how specific I can be, the
only thing I can tell you is that I don't think my writing is over.
In fact, I'm sure that it's not over.
The only way you can stop me writing is to kill me.
But what specific form it will take, I can't tell you, some of it will certainly be science fiction,
and I'd like to think I can overcome my own law here, and I would like to think that my
best work is still ahead of me, but everybody always says that, and it doesn't mean that
your best work is necessarily ahead of you, but I'm going to give it a shot.
I get it, okay.
That's fine, Chad.
Okay, is that all you need?
Well, yeah, we could talk for hours, and that's fine.
Okay, okay.
That'll be great.
Okay, I would, I do need a little...